[Music]
from your coffee lid and a doughnut two
black dots on car windows to the
escalator grooves there are many
overlooked particulars about things
surrounding you they actually serve a
useful purpose you had no idea about get
ready to exclaim who knew hey let's
practice no okay work on that here we go
black grading on the microwave window
prevents microwaves from escaping
without it your food wouldn't cook
properly and all nearby electronic
devices would turn off if you ever had
problems with popping chocolates from
the box look at those little holes
around them they're there to help you if
you push a hole right next to the candy
it'll jump out easily back in the day it
used to be difficult to get the edges in
the middle of a pie equally big that's
why Baker's decided to make a hole
inside Donuts hey what's your favorite
pastry let me know in the comments below
see that small magnetic lock on a fuel
hose at the gas station every time
someone drives away with a gas nozzle
still attached to their car yes they do
it the lock detaches the hose
automatically now when you take a sip
from a coffee cup with a lid it
decreases air pressure inside the cup so
air tries to get in the tiny hole on the
lid allows air to enter that way so
liquid can smoothly pour out the main
hole in beverage lids the small
buttons on them lit restaurant workers
and customers to understand what's in a
cup near each button there's a name just
look at which one is pushed down a long
time ago people would sometimes shave
off small amounts from coins made of
precious metals to sell while passing
the coins for the real deal to make sure
a coin wasn't tampered with grooves on
the edges appeared that's why and
quarters have them
the stripes on headphone jacks are for
insulation the silver or gold bands
being contacts for the respective wires
when stripe means there's a mono signal
to get you stereo sound and
three-strikes means you're out
now that's baseball three stripes means
there's also a built-in microphone the
numbers on the fruit stickers tell you
how exactly they were grown if there are
four digits and the first is four or
three the fruit has been sprayed with
pesticides if there are five digits and
the first is nine the fruit has been
grown organically if there are five
digits and the first is eight the fruit
has been genetically modified it's all
that clear yeah me neither
the pattern of little black dots on car
windows minimizes possible distractions
for your eyes also since the black part
known as frit naturally gets warmer than
the clear part they prevent the
windshield from deforming by spreading
the heat evenly when you're on your way
back to the car after bagging up
everything you bought use loops on a
shopping cart to hang the bags now
softer items like bread eggs fruit and
veggies won't get squashed by the
heavier goods the grooves in the
escalator steps help push up objects
like bags and garbage not letting them
get trapped between the steps also they
provide easier walk off since when they
reach the lower or upper end of the line
the steps become flat oh by the way the
grooves in the elevator depend on what
kind of music you're listening to some
music is groovier than others the first
golf balls were absolutely smooth but
then players noticed that scuffed and
cracked balls perform much better that's
why now all golf balls have dimples that
make them travel almost twice farther
though the tab under a rear-view mirror
in your car works great for an air
freshener it's really a switch that goes
up and down
flip it one way and you're in a daytime
driving mode seeing everything crisp and
clear if you flip it the other way the
reflection gets dimmer toning down the
glare from headlights behind you
those small raised bars of rubber you
can see on most new tires are there to
tell you when it's time to replace the
tires if those bars are worn out it's
not safe to drive anymore if you don't
have anyone to hold the other end of
your tape measure when you try to
measure something tap a nail into it now
simply hook your tape on it using the
tiny hole all tape measures have a hole
in the center of a spaghetti spoon
exists not only to strain water but also
to measure a portion of spaghetti that
hole fits exactly one serving if you
grab a beverage in a glass bottle at the
base your drink will get warmer because
of the body heat that's why most of them
have long necks carrying a bottle by the
neck keeps your beverage chill besides
holding it that way is just easier
however don't do this with your kids the
square-shaped spoon that goes with
McFlurry helps to mix the ice cream
toppings through the dessert the spoon
hooks directly into a machine and spins
around however don't do this with your
kids ever forgot which side your gas
tank was on that's what a small arrow or
a triangle on your dashboard is for if
it points left the gas tank door is on
the left if it points right that's right
it's on the right all right
padlocks that are used outside quickly
get out of order because of the ring see
this little hole in the bottom it's made
for pouring engine oil inside do this
and the key will again turn in the lock
without any difficulty the small disk
under the lid of plastic water and soda
bottles creates a seal that keeps both
liquid and carbonation inside without it
your soda would go flat pretty fast many
doors have knobs made of brass
because brass prevents the spread of
germs the little hole on the top of a
lollipop stick is there to make it hard
for the candy to come off of this day
when the melted candy is poured into the
mold some of it will seep into the hole
and harden you keep banging the bottle
of a glass ketchup jar but nothing's
coming out here's a little tip turn your
ketchup bottle at an angle and tap on
the middle of the neck in many fast-food
restaurants customers fill tiny folded
paper cups to get a portion of ketchup
or mustard here's the news the cups are
supposed to unfold and turn into small
paper platters to hold a great deal more
sauce you can enjoy beautiful sky views
from a window seat on the plane thanks
to this little hole it prevents windows
from fogging and also regulates a huge
pressure difference between the inside
and outside of the plane an extra handle
on a jerrican was invented so that two
people could carry it the triple handles
helped to distribute the weight evenly
plus the middle handle is useful if you
have to bring empty jerry cans you can
easily take two with one hand the
pom-pom at the top of some winter hats
appeared back in the day for sailors to
protect their heads when they were out
at sea and the waters were rough they
had something to cushion hitting heads
on low ceilings below decks
[Music]
some carry folded up cash in that tiny
extra pocket on the side of jeans but it
was originally designed for carrying a
pocket watch back in the 19th century me
I store my used chewing gum they're very
handy margins you use now as a space for
notes we're a way to save written
information from rats and mice these
rodents were famous for eating around
the edges of everything they could find
including paper that little hole on the
handle of a pot or a frying pan isn't
just for hanging them on the wall during
cooking put the end of your utensil in
the hole and it'll be propped over the
pot to save your kitchen from extra mess
the blue or any other dark color
bristles on your toothbrush are meant to
remind you when it's time to get a new
one if you see that the bristles have
become pale change the toothbrush or its
head despite the common myth the blue
part of the eraser is still for a pencil
not a pen but written on a paper thicker
than lined one as a bonus it also gets
rid of smudges left by the pink eraser
by the way if you can still remember
what the frit is ten points to
Gryffindor hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life